Yeah, so wait Call of Duty World War 2...Hahahahaha
Haahaa
Oh, I didn't -
Ok, so I like the game because it is I like the historical part
I think it's really cool. And..
I think (***). But, um...
The lore itself, I don't really care that much because it's a historical game. There's not-
to it. Modern Warfare and those games
I I think it's okay. The lore... I like the characters.
But there's like some aspects to it that are like clearly very American politics.
To US, And I think, I it is visible here and there
Especially in sense.
I don't know, I think it's really boring since they always go after like some Arab nation or like Russia
And it's like I get it historically um.
I can get the Russian part, but...
May like go to war. Marcoon
A macaron. A Macaroon?!
It's Macarov
Haha... Literally, But then um....
Uhh... It's like the four horsemen
Like that, One of them is Russian .Two of them are like some
Arab nation? I forgot. They made up a whole new nation, Uzbekistan.
And it's like
What?
Is it?  .Real nation?
What? it is? There's so many stands guys
Wait, what?
Why is he talking like that?
Ok,My bad, right
Oh my god, no way! No, my bad guys, my bad. But
Haahaa
Yeah, real, real, real.Ok my-
I I think the main issue with me with a lot of these war games is
They say that call of duty development it is not political
But it's it's inherently political, right?
We very much take a side.
That's just US politics though.
Yeah.... no,cause-
Yeah
because the thing is a lot of the characters in the modern warfare games are like war crime after war crime so it's strange
No,But  the thing is  like, I don't mind, I don't mind when games get political.
See if it's good commentary, but it's just like saying oh, we're not political
Even though we are technically a war, it's a war game. so
It's really (***) in the call. You just need to restate that a little differently.
But,There's just a lot of inaccuracies, I don't like.
I love the characters. The individual characters I think are really cool.
The Favourite ,my favourite, what?.Oh, Farras
Farrah she's so cool
She's so cool. Her and
Keller I don't call him Alex. That's my brother's name
But Keller, That just -I didn't have a cooler name.
No, It's like...
yeah and i don't like calling him alex
Hahahaaah
Ok. That's so wrong of you!
Wait, We're getting off topic.
No so
Farras is so cool, I love her.Bro
I haven't finished the game yet.
Oh it's probably... I haven't gone that far in the campaign. It's either it's either one or two.
Yeah, No, I've seen clips of it, but I want to spoil myself just yet
Wait. Because i think  is ,I'm in the campaign where currently
They're fighting like... They're fighting against... Oh, this is okay. I forgot the plot already.
Yeah
I lowkey just care about the characters. Oh my god, I'm sorry for not knowing everything.
Also, I just started it, so yeah, I don't really know much about it.
All I know is that London got like terrorized
Yeah
No, this isn't world war 2
But so is the Modern Warfare!
Yeah
Oh no,Sorry it's not Uzbekistan, it's Urzekistan.
No, I just mispronounced it.It's not urzekistan